 breakfast is fine. dinner ok. Same food 12  Red apple, milk, (food hour change) breakfast Red apple, milk, food hour change, money Red apple, milk, food timing change (dinner 9-10; breakfast 8-9:30) Please provide the meat/ chicken once in the week. I want fish and vegetables sometimes Different food, its the same all time We should get some good food, meat, beans with potatoes, chicken, rise Good food I want meat, beans with potatoes Meat, tomato salad   Meat, rice, tomato, cucumber I want to have fish some time in lunch, or meat. Meat I want meat Want some meat   I am very sad about quality of food in the camp. If is possible different foods are good.  Give us meat and chicken Change the menu of food for us. Try something else, chicken, meat and vegetables.  Chicken Different kind of food, vegetables, seeds and meat Please change dinner menu. The food you provide is perfect but sometimes its not good because sometimes its not having salts and having no delicious taste.  We like to eat chicken, we do not like mix food.   lunch not good the food should be changed. Quantity is not good.   long life Serbia  bread is not fresh  meat, chicken, vegetables  we like beans, we do not like mix food, we want to eat chicken, we like rice sometime  morning food no better just thanks for help all times given same food not for good health give too much food in breakfast. change the dinner change food lunch time please night food is not good you know we are all muslim, at least 98%. we want meat but halal for Muslims.  we want different kind of food. we want rice, meat, vegetables, not only potatoes for every lunch and dinner. Breakfast is not bad.  no change food all time one food everything is ok and good more oil  red apple, milk. change hour like dinner 9-10h, breakfast 8-9.30h milk, apple meat, rice not good cooked no meat chicken, vegetables  season salad food is very bad meat, same food, lunch is not good, morning good  rice meat chapatti hen chicken chicken  Please change menu  We want chicken Chucken, rice, Red apple  Please change food menu for lunch Change breakfast menu, please Change dinner menu please Please change the menu of food for us. Every day is same food.   Meat, chicken Meat, rice   Different food Meat Provide the meat   Orange Different kind of food  Change food menu  ok. maybe some rice, besides food.   We want some changing on the food because same food we do not like.     Food is not good.  The food which we get is not good. Because every day we get the same kind of food. It should changed. And we dont get quality food.  We are not satisfied of this food. The food should change accordingly. Food no good.   Very good   We need chicken, beef, grain, etc. Should be different like chicken and spaghetti. I think spaghetti is good.  Lunch food is not good because it is so mix. I want change this. Rice should be provided on every alternative day. Patish and yogurt should not be provided on every morning breakfast. Lastly, sugar must be poured in the tea and then should be provided.   At the morning breakfast is good. Majority migrants are happy from the breakfast. Lunch is not good. Always they are giving bennies and salad with apple. Same good in dinner. We want some different food in the daily many like chicken, meat, rise, vegetables. Thanks a lot. Rice should be provided in dinner. Menu for breakfast should not be same every day. Thank you. This food is not good. In 3 time food morning food is good and two time food is not good. Every day same food. Ok no problem. Breakfast tea without sugar We want different food like chicken or meat and rice. It is so difficult same food eating. Please change food system we are really bored with this food system.  This food is very very very no good    more rice meat, rice lunch not good. breakfast good. dinner ok.  just breakfast ok. breakfast ok.    more rice. I would like meat. 